Add downloads samples (#934)
GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples: api-samples/downloads/downloads_overwrite/README.md

# chrome.downloads

> A sample that demonstrates how to use the [`chrome.downloads`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/downloads/) API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Demonstrates using the [`chrome.downloads.onDeterminingFilename`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/downloads/) handler.
```

## Overview

> In this sample, the [`chrome.downloads.onDeterminingFilename`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/downloads/#event-onDeterminingFilename) event is used to set conflict action to `overwrite` for all downloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample uses the [`chrome.downloads.onDeterminingFilename`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/downloads/#event-onDeterminingFilename) handler to override target filenames for all downloads instead of adding ' (1)', ' (2)', etc..
```
